# AI Shorts Generator

This is a tool for generating videos, it creates video shorts (reels or shorts) using scripts generated by GPT-4, voiced by Elevenlabs speech synthesis or OpenAI's text-to-speech, while DALL-E 3 generates background images, which are assembled by OpenCV into a Short.

There is an option to use open-source LLM's like Mistral-7b and open-source stable diffusion models, but this requires access to GPU resources and is therefore omitted for simplicity's sake (at least initially).

## Rights

This code is under the MIT license and can therefore be used freely by anyone who wishes to do so. However, no warranties are given, and the software is provided 'as is'. MainAI assumes no responsibility for the content you use this software to produce, or for any potential copyright issues that may arise from generating copy content.

## Quick Start

Unfortunately, generating these shorts is not 100% free of charge. You can expect to spend about $0.10-0.45 in OpenAI credits per video (mainly DALL-E 3, which costs money per generated image).

First, you will need an OpenAI API key and an Elevenlabs key. An Elevenlabs key is not necessary at the beginning, but after a few videos, you will need a key to continue.

OpenAPI api key:
https://platform.openai.com/api-keys

Elevenlabs api key (not necessary to start)
https://elevenlabs.io/speech-synthesis

### Instructions

Follow these steps to get started with running the tool:

1. **Clone the Repository**  
```
git clone https://github.com/MainAIdk/AI-short-generator
```
2. **Navigate to the Folder**  
```
cd ai-shorts
```
3. **Install a Virtual Environment**
```
python -m venv myvenv
```
4. **Activate the Environment**
Write this in your terminal
```
myvenv\Scripts\activate
```
5. **Install the Requirements in Your Environment**
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
6. **Set Environment Variables**
```
Open .env copy and insert your API keys. Then delete 'copy', so the filename becomes .env.
```
7. **Create a Text File for GPT**
Create a file and name it, for example:
```
source.txt
```
8. **Instruct GPT in Your Source File**
Write in your source.txt what your short should be about, for example:
```
A short video about dolphins and how high they can jump compared to humans.
```
9. **Generate Your Short Video**

```
python main.py source.txt
```
Wait for the script to generate your video.
The process should look like this in your terminal:
```console
main.py source.txt
Generating script...
Generating narration...
Generating images...
Generating video...
FINISHED! Here is your video: shorts/1701788183/short.avi
```

## Contact Us for Help With Your AI Project
Do you need help setting up this project, yours, or your company's AI project? 
Contact us at contact@mainai.dk.
